Adding TF bootstrap for Gitlab and corresponding CICD templates (#409)
microsoft/cobalt: devops/providers/gitlab/templates/README.md

Be sure to create a local git branch, then commit, push, and generate a pull request on GitLab.

## Usage

**Step 1: Azure & Gitlab Configuration**

All Azure and Gitlab configuration required to use these templates should be provisioned using the [`gitlab-bootstrap-iac-cicd`](../../../../infra/templates/gitlab-bootstrap-iac-cicd/README.md) template. No other manual configuration is necessary.

**Step 2: Build and Push Gitlab Runner Base Image**

The CICD templates in this folder assume the following tools are installed.
* Terraform v0.12.x
* Golang
* Azure CLI

The included [`Dockerfile.sample`](Dockerfile.sample) can be used as a starting point. Use these commands to push the base image to the ACR:

```bash
# Configure environment
$ ACR_NAME="..."
$ IMAGE="..."
$ TAG="latest"

# Build and push image
$ az acr login -n "$ACR_NAME"
$ docker build -f Dockerfile.sample . -t "$ACR_NAME.azurecr.io/$IMAGE:$TAG"
$ docker push "$ACR_NAME.azurecr.io/$IMAGE:$TAG"
```

> **Step 3: Configure Pipeline to Use Base Image**

Reviewer: To be consistent as Step 2 header explicitly mentions "Gitlab":
```suggestion
**Step 3: Configure Gitlab Pipeline to Use Base Image**
```

> Now customize the base image in `.gitlab-ci.yml`:

Reviewer: Just a suggestion to make the instructions more dummy proof:
```suggestion
Now insert a custom value for the base image reference/property in `.gitlab-ci.yml`:
```

> > **Note**: The use of `\$CI_REGISTRY` in the command below is intentional. The [`gitlab-bootstrap-iac-cicd`](../../../../infra/templates/gitlab-bootstrap-iac-cicd/) template will configure Gitlab configure the `CI_REGISTRY` variable to point to correct container registry.

Reviewer: This **Note** made me think I had to use the `gitlab-bootstrap-iac-cicd` one more time even though step 1 already cover this. Here's a suggestion:
```suggestion
> **Note**: The use of `\$CI_REGISTRY` in the command below is intentional. When this pipeline is exercised, the value of `CI_REGISTRY` will be resolved because the [`gitlab-bootstrap-iac-cicd`](../../../../infra/templates/gitlab-bootstrap-iac-cicd/) template from step 1 configured it to point to the correct container registry.
```
